Fix missing attached packages (#847)
insightsengineering/teal.modules.general: NEWS.md

* Removed `Show Warnings` modals from modules.
* Soft deprecated `datasets_selected` argument of modules in favor of `datanames`.
* Soft deprecated `show_metadata` argument of `tm_front_page()` in favor of `datanames`.

> * Module's code include library calls and is styled before presenting it to the users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modules' Show R Code widgets include library calls and their code is styled with `styler` package.
```
